i dont have any witty openings for this one or anything, though even if i did, i doubt anything would be able to top back at it again at krispy kreme.
anyways, im writing this a little bit (~45m) after a sort of mini-not-quite-argument i had with one of my friends
the core of the issue, at least to me, comes down to the distribution of responsibility

sometimes it feels as if im always the one responsible to figure things out - whether it's birthday planning, scheduling, or anything else
but im sick and tired of being the person at the top, while everyone else gets to just do whatever they feel like. cant i just enjoy something that we work on together, for once?

whats especially annoying is the fact that i was arguing with one friend in particular - lets call them the dreamer.
in the past, the dreamer has repeatedly gone on about how they feel about the nature of our little friend group drifting away
this is something that i was able to relate to, and if you dont believe me? clearly you didnt read 25/3/19.txt, but whatever

but when thats a fear i know they have, and theyre unwilling to even try to schedule just one thing? really?
ok, fine. if the dreamer doesnt want to address their problem, then either theyll have to figure it out, or itll say unaddressed, i said
and then they act as if i was suddenly not stepping up to fulfill my duty, or however i want to phrase this to keep it all sufficiently vague?

i have not been in a good mood since then, and i doubt i will be for the rest of the day, at the least
this has been something thats happened with other friends in our friend group (with diamonds especially), and im just so sick and tired of trying my best to keep us all together just for nobody to even try
at a certain point, you have to wonder if they even want to stay together, if i should even bother to keep trying
but im not a hater, and until they just start ghosting me or say they dont want to keep going, ive set my mind to keep trying

which sucks. constantly rescheduling and planning things out just for people to not show up or need constant reminders is probably the worst feeling ever, second only to the actual worst feelings ever

i guess to close this off, i might talk about the dreamer a little more? we'll see how this goes
i chose the name "the dreamer" for a couple of reasons. some are to do with homestuck, some are to do with other references, some are to do with the names that person has given themself already
but perhaps my favorite interpretation of the same is the kind of fluitidy and ephemeral or transient feeling that theyve learned to recede to
we've talked in the past, yet whenever i try to find their truth, im quickly reminded that thats their hiding place.

the dreamer just contacted me to ask some questions, so ill see how that goes. 

> i knew what 1- 7-5- 1--3-210 -21 1-- 14--3-4, 9-1 8-4 1-- 4-01? i --6- i n--- 1--3 --5- -2---- 1- 2--- 1---4 2-3-0
> 1--3-210 once 1-51 3- that they've 74--1 1--30-58 1- 04--9 0-8-4-5 1-3-0. i do 0-3-1--27 0-3-5-4, too.