it's day 2 and we're back at it again at krispy kreme. a couple minutes ago i thought i had missed a day, but it looks like i didn't, which is nice.
anyways, there's been a couple thoughts on my mind now. i talked with someone who i think ill refer to as diamonds? if you dont get it, read homestuck. and if you're me from the future, theres no way you dont remember who this is
we talked about a few things, blah blah blah, but one thing i was thinking about was the way through which different forms of communication interact

for a while now, ive decided not to use my microphone to talk when im in a voice chat with my friends. "but how does that even work? isn't the point of a voice chat to use your voice?"
it is, and the reason why i decided that is besides the point for the purposes of this. what i actually want to talk about is how this affects other people

one thing you immediately notice is that when you're the only one typing in a voice chat full of people who are talking, they're not going to be very good about being attentive to your messages
and it's not as if i want to be all like "hey can you please read my message please" because it's a burden im placing on their shoulders, it's my fault that they're not able to hear what im saying as quickly as they would if i was talking
but there's still that disconnect. you're able to tell that they're trying, but theres times when it feels as if they just dont care, like what you're saying is irrelevant

obviously theres different ways in which these mediums interact - two in-person friends texting each other, for example, might use these platforms differently, with each being "meant" for different sections
but it's interesting to think about when you force them to come together, and thats what i was thinking about
as i type this, im in a voice chat with two of my friends right now, both talking. one is attentive to what im saying, but for the other, it takes minutes to see what i said
it's difficult to not conflate it with them not caring about what i say, but what can you do?

questions:
- when do you switch back to regularly talking? what triggers it?
- how are things with diamonds?

things i did:
- went to check on an exam i realized i missed this morning and had to schedule a new one for june. drama ensues.
- got my phone back up and running again, tried to set up an offline music player but lost interest when i realized i had to get all of my tracks from youtube into mp3s
- homework and all that

> when 8401 1 97 912 4058 21 others, how 1 you 82 0141 t 101?