i dont really have too much to say about today, but there was some more stuff that happened last night. what, you thought i went to bed soon after 2am? you guessed wrong.
while my embargo on discording is still up, that hasnt stopped me from lurking in the discord that everyone is in
of course, diamonds and the person that ill call derniere were together in a discord call

i wasnt going to join, sure, but it's not as if i didnt know what they were doing. and when i saw that notification on the bottom right of my screen, telling me what derniere and diamonds were doing?
i know it doesnt mean anything. but why does it feel like my heart has been torn? even considering the fact that diamonds isnt the most aware of the things they do, it still hurts
i dont know. i told myself i wouldnt delete anything when writing these journals, but this already feels like too much for any prospective readers

just know that if you're one of the people i talk about? i dont have any ill will towards you. i just want us to stay as one group

to talk about something maybe not quite as emo, i did spend some time today away from my work to transfer my music over to my phone
while i will forever be grateful towards youtube mymix for helping me listen to the same four songs countless times over, i wanted something that i could take with me, so i installed an offline music player
and with the help of some youtube to mp3 website, i slowly got everything on to my phone, and im currently enjoying the fruits of my effort right now

theres still some songs i need to move over (looking at you, Cantus Aeternus - Disc 2: Sumphonia Capitolii...), but for now i think im mostly stopped
i also linked it with last.fm and made an account, so ill see how that works. it's pretty cool to see the different songs pop up right after i finish listening to them
besides that? it's just been more work for more, and at this rate, ill be surprised if i can play lingo 2 any time this year

> "14--3- 1--0 that, i thought. i1'0 a2 -095-0--2 with ---4 HEART -1 1-- 0-21-4. -1 6--26-0 -8-4-thing -5- at -20-."

the dreamer thinks my supposed social skills are a blessing. but more often than not, i find myself wishing that i could not discern the things that now plague me